    Spectral Soul now took on the form of a man of great disposition but with insatiable blood, lust emanating from him.

    He glared coldly at the other venerables.

    "I will remember this." He spoke with the authority and vigor that screamed manliness. "And Fang Yuan watch out I will reclaim what is mine."

    With that Spectral Soul shot up into Spectral Heaven.

    None of the 3 venerables interfered. Now that Spectral Soul could be considered an equal who would be suicidal enough to be the scapegoat to counter Spectral Soul, the literal mad man of the Gu World.

    Especially when the other venerables could easily sway things in their favor. Spectral Soul knew this and so did the other venerables.

    Immediately, after Spectral Soul left: "Friends I will take my leave now, Spectral Soul's revival has left me rather disturbed." Fang Yuan took the opportunity to slip away.

    He knew that if he stayed a bit longer the other 3 venerables might gang up on him now that things have resolved.

    Although they couldn't kill him, they would certainly inflict heavy losses onto him and, Fang Yuan did not feel like revealing his trump cards just yet.

    Giant Sun soon bid farewell and left as well leaving Star Constellation alone in the ruins of Heavenly Court.

    She sighed as she surveyed the land for any remnant survivors, though she felt that the likelihood that she would be able to find any…eh?

    Star Constellation picked the aura of a Rank 9 Gu, and she was familiar with it; Love Gu.

    She immediately flew to the area and found it covered in debris.

    Using an investigative Killer move she found the barely alive, Zhao Lian Yun!

    She had not contributed her strength in the battle against Fang Yuan and had instead waited, hoping for an opportunity to use Love Gu to steal the soul of her lover, Ma Hong Yun, from Fang Yuan.

    However, reality would prove disappointing as Fang Yuan directly crushed the last stand that the members of Heavenly Court had put up.

    The subsequent explosion would have killed her if not for Love Gu's interference.

    "To think a measly Rank 6 Gu immortal could survive a battle between Venerables all because of Love." Star constellation chuckled.

    She healed Zhao Lian Yun's injuries, but Star Constellation did not excel in healing path, luckily for Zhao Lian Yun, she cultivated Wisdom Path like Star Constellation and thus, could be healed quite considerably.

    Star Constellation open her Immortal Aperture and placed the still asleep Zhao Lian Yun inside. As she was placing Zhao Lian Yun inside, she tried to deduce what Zhao Lian Yun's future could be but to no avail due to Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's Divine Concealment.

    "The world has gotten even more chaotic with 4 Venerables now sigh* I need to deduce the next course of actions." Star Constellation started to deduce the current situation and what was the next best step.

    "Master, when can you return?" Star constellation sighed.

    Meanwhile, Fang Yuan returned to the Eastern Sea to assess his spoils and losses.

    "Hmm I gained a large number of resources from Central Continent and the Region has largely become the poorest of the 5."

    "We've managed to interrupt Primodial's revival method, though something tells me this won't be the end of it, to make matters worse Spectral Soul's new Yin Yang Body is very problematic. I can sense that it contains some essence of Rank 10! If I could grasp its secrets maybe I could progress towards that mythical Rank?"

    Fang Yuan pondered a bit more and used some investigative killer moves to help but with the complex state the world was in, he was unable to obtain many results.

    Fang Yuan concluded: "It would appear the Giant Sun has somehow lost both Light Gu and his son, he can be seen as the second biggest loser of our fight today. Star Constellation is left with a ruined Heavenly Court and a devastated Central Continent. Meanwhile, Spectral Soul can be considered the biggest winner, by coming back to life with his strength still intact and with new powers to investigate."

    Spectral Soul was instead focused on his newfound abilities and spent his time creating clones and studying his new body.

    "It would appear that my Male form, Yang body, contains the ability to use Soul path, Yin powers, by using the Female form, Yin body as the source, while my Female form uses Fire path, Yang powers, by using the Yang body as the source."

    At the moment of his resurrection, his body contained over 3 million Fire Path Dao Marks and only a few hundred thousand Soul Path Dao marks. But the Yin Yang body contains the profundities of Heaven path and Transformation Path allowing him to transit his 3 million Fire Path into Soul Path marks while in his male form.

    This allowed him to break free and intimidate the other venerables as his Soul Path aura skyrocketed.

    Of course, nothing in life was free, Dao marks achieved in this fashion would be consumed.

    Normally when one used a killer move it would be amplified by the Dao marks on the Gu master's body, but they would remain, Dao marks could be used in attacks, but it was usually for moves that were last-ditch sacrifices.

    However, for Spectral Soul if he were to transform his Fire path Dao marks into Soul path, whenever he used Soul path those Fire path marks would be gone forever. Likewise, if he used originally Soul path Dao marks to fuel his Fire path moves.

    While normally such rampant expenditure of Dao Marks would be hard to replace, this was Spectral Soul who had both Killing path and Food path. He could see it now, he would use Fire Path, Soul Path, Food Path and, Killing Path to forge a new type of cultivation. One that would make him grow stronger the more he killed.

    Little did Spectral Soul know that he was touching upon the Boundaries of Rank 10, Domains!

Creation is hard, cheer me up! You can do this by adding my book to your collections :p Sorry this chapter seems to be exposition dump, but this marks a point where I'm really diverting from the main story, as there is scantily little regarding Rank 10 I've decided to embark on a similar path as another popular Cultivation novel, Warlock of The Magus World, I decided that Rank 10 was the path of creating a system that would perpetually feed itself thus, gaining eternity. I always felt that Spectral Soul was heading down this path, after all, he has Food path, Soul Path and, Killing path and he was conveniently given Rank 9 Fire Gu. What do all these have in common? The path to consume to sustain oneself is a loop of taking from others to feed oneself so I thought that he would be pursuing the domain of Devouring. I'll explain more about Domains slowly. Just like the secret to becoming a venerable I don't want it to become a known fact yet, the characters need to explore and test.  

Weekly Power Status

 The total score 0.0    

 Advertisement Pornographic Personal attack Other 

  Paragraph comment 

 Paragraph comment feature is now on the Web! Move mouse over any paragraph and click the icon to add your comment. 

 Also, you can always turn it off/on in Settings. 

