    Spectral Soul was in a meditative state as he slowly acclimatized to Spectral Heaven's abundance of Soul Path and Qi Path Dao marks.

    As the Heavenly Spirit of Spectral Heaven, he could weave these marks and use them however he wished, but he could not bring them out of Spectral Heaven.

    He could absorb them to fuel his own strength but that would damage the natural harmony of Dao Marks that Spectral Heaven had if he overdid it. 

    Unless he could Devour all of Spectral Heaven; Spectral Soul had to cautiously use his largest resource.

    But beyond the Dao marks Spectral Heaven had one big advantage, it covered the entire 5 Regions!

    Spectral Soul as the Heavenly Spirit of Spectral Heaven had the ability to monitor and view the whole world! But of course, it wouldn't allow him to pry into bases of the venerables, as their Dao marks would block Spectral Soul, but it did allow Spectral Soul to use his investigative killer moves more effectively after all he would be monitoring the whole world!

    The downside of course is that Spectral Soul was not a Wisdom path Gu cultivator anymore and thus had no good way to process a large amount of information.

    Thus, Spectral Soul decided to start creating clones again, these clones would cover the areas that Spectral Soul was weak in, and he would naturally endow these clones with the Dao Marks of their respective paths giving them an edge.

    He first, began with the creation of a Wisdom path but he soon realized that he had not enough Wisdom path Dao marks to make even a Rank 1 Gu let alone a new human.

    He scoured Treasure Yellow Heaven for Wisdom Path Resources.

    "Come one come all check out these Rank 2 Wisdom soil mined from the soil around Book Mountain selling very cheap."

    "Check out the Shell of a Wisdom Tortoise of over 500 years old!"

    Spectral Soul was deeply discouraged by what he found until.

    "Come buy some Inkmen Slaves, they make for good support with their affinity towards Wisdom Path, if you train one up it will be able to do deductions for you or you can even use them as Gu materials."

    The seller was clearly one from the more demonic side as he recommended treating these Inkmen as mere Gu material, though no one would really care about Variant Humans.

    "Of course, I'm pioneering Killing Path so I can get the marks I need from killing! Plus, it gives me a chance to try the Rank 8 Gu Kill!" Spectral Soul thought to himself.

    Spectral Soul demanded from the shopkeeper: "Give me all the Inkmen you have!"

    The shopkeeper was ecstatic at hearing such an enthusiastic customer: "Of course sir since you're buying so many, I can give you a discount of 15%, so let's set the price at about 10, 000 immortal essence stones."

    Spectral Soul came to the sudden realization that he was broke.

    The shopkeeper thinking that the customer was hesitant said: "I can come down to 9000 but no less than that and, I also accept treasure of similar value."

    Treasure? Spectral Soul asked: "Do the treasures need to be of a certain path?"

    The shopkeeper thought about it: "Preferably Qi path if you can present a Qi path material, I will drop the price by another 500."

    Spectral Soul was delighted as the one thing he was not lacking was Qi path and Soul Path treasures, he sent a message to his main body and with a snap of his finger hundreds of Qi and Soul path resources flew to him and those were only the ones nearest to him.

    As the Heavenly spirit, he could naturally sense the natural treasures spread around Spectral Heaven, although most were Rank 6 and very few were Rank 7 with hardly any Rank 8s.

    Spectral Heaven was after all made using Black and White Immemorial Heaven thus, the natural resources that formed in those Heavens were mostly destroyed but some managed to survive and now live in Spectral Heaven.

    But the creation of Spectral Heaven wasn't without any benefits, firstly, the large explosion of Qi and Soul path Dao marks meant that a lot of Soul and Qi path treasure started to grow, it was just due to how recent Spectral Heaven was created they were mostly at the mortal level.

    Spectral Soul had a thought: "Since Spectral Heaven is like a Grotto Heaven, and I am like a Heavenly Spirit does that mean I have the ability to teleport?"

    He quickly finished up the purchase with the shopkeeper and headed back into Spectral Heaven to test his theory.

    He tried emulating what one would do within their own Aperture and visualized the Scene above the Western Desert, he chose there as there were no Venerables, and it was the most barren region thus, not of interest to the other Venerables.

    In the Western Desert, carts were being pushed around as there were many traveling caravans containing all sorts of goods.

    Mo Li traveled alongside the caravan, it brought him many memories of the life he once had.

    "One day I will have my revenge," Mo Li said as he reminisced through a pendant with a photo of his wife and daughter.

    Peng Da responded: "Yea easier said than done, the further we go in the cultivator world the more I am sure that the beast who destroyed your town is not simple."

    Peng Da sighed: "Our goal seems further and further away while growing more and more hopeless."

    Mo Li was once a Gu master who owned a traveling caravan one day, he met Peng Da who he assumes suffered from amnesia. In reality, Peng Da was a Half-Otherworldly demon who had just reincarnated into the previous Peng Da's body!

    At first, Mo Li treated Peng Da well and Peng Da felt deep gratitude to Mo Li but after Mo Li's family was wiped out by the battle with Qin Chou, Mo Li was consumed by an intense desire for revenge! He knew neither the attacker nor their cultivation level, but he solemnly swore revenge.

    After a bit of exploring, they accidentally stumbled upon one of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's inheritances, it contained the Metal Path Gu that Thieving Heaven used to emulate the mechs in his old world.

    Peng Da was overjoyed as Thieving Heaven left the inheritance for Otherworldly Demons but Mo Li killed and trapped Peng Da's soul so that he could attain the inheritance for himself to achieve his revenge!

    Peng Da reluctant at first relents and co-operates as he realizes it's his only hope of reviving. The 2 now form a team roaming the Eastern Desert for clues on who is their target along with what their cultivation level is and, where to find them.

    "I don't care how long it takes I will kill them myself one day!" Mo Li replied with a flaming passion.

    They were steps away from achieving Rank 6 and becoming a Gu Immortal stepping into a world far beyond their current understanding.

    From above Spectral Soul peered down onto the Eastern Dessert

    "HAHA, Success! I am able to freely travel across the 5 Regions as I please!" Spectral Soul was beyond elated at this news.

    But he soon calmed down: "This is the greatest trump card I currently possess but I must be careful, it would be too easy for the others to find out that I possess this ability I must use it cautiously."

    He then teleported back so as to not make anyone suspicious.

    Little did he know that one venerable had already figured it out.

    Immortal Killer move -------- Stealing Heavenly Secrets!

    Fang Yuan had peered into the mind of Heaven and obtain some interesting facts about Spectral Soul including his involvement with Heaven's Will!

    "That explains a lot. I need to decide how to use this information." Fang Yuan began to carefully ponder his next steps.

    He needed something that could concretely give him an edge over the other venerables. Especially with the revival of Spectral Soul, it leaves 5 other Venerables the possibility of revival, Primordial Origin, Reckless Savage, Red Lotus, Genesis Lotus and, Great Dream Immortal Venerable!

    Of the 5 the one who was most likely to come back next was Genesis Lotus, as of the 3 Kings of Heavenly Court he was the youngest, he is also the least scary of the 5 Venerables to revive.

    Next, there was Red Lotus, who did come back through the river of time for the final part of the Fate wars. He refined Fate Gu into every being in the world allowing everyone to take Fate into their own hands forever preventing Fate from returning into the world.

    Fang Yuan had no idea if Red Lotus might come back as he had done what he initially wanted to do. End Fate, who knows what he might do with that now that he is free from fate.

    And now that fate was broken what about Great Dream? She is technically alive, but she has not become a Gu Immortal yet let alone venerable.

    Now that Fate no longer dictated how things play out would she still become one?

    Reckless Savage was also another problematic Venerable, with his personality he would most likely kick the Venerable battle into overdrive as he challenged them with little regard for profit and loss, in fact, he was the opposite of Limitless.

    While Limitless was an ardent and erudite Dao seeker, in pursuit of immortality, Limitless was like the firework in the night sky glorious at first but gone forever after.

     He cared more for living a life remembered than living one forever.

    During the Fate wars his message 1 million years into the future was: "The most important thing is once you activate this move, the three monsters will combine into a bloody cape and will hang on your back. This cape is truly… super cool!"

    Back during the Fate Wars Fang Yuan was stunned at Reckless Demon Savage's nonchalant attitude towards the situation and, towards life.

    He was the one Fang Yuan truly hoped would never come back!

    Craftiness, wits, strength was all things Fang Yuan could train and deal with.

    Recklessness? Glory?? Coolness??? These concepts were alien and detrimental to Fang Yuan's philosophy.

    Fang Yuan felt a shiver at the thought of Reckless coming back.

    But most importantly was the first venerable, the oldest venerable, and potentially, the strongest Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!!!

    He single-handedly paved the way for humanity to become the dominant race, he and Fate Gu pushed back the Variant Humans and established the Sect system that promoted talents based on merit, not birth.

    He was the founder of Heavenly Court! A truly troublesome foe.

    While Fang Yuan and Giant Sun managed to stop Primordial from reviving, Fang Yuan knew that Primordial still had one more method that was hidden, Primordial Earth Treasury!

    "The world will be more tumultuous than even my previous life's Great Era. I can't wait." Fang Yuan's eyes glowed orange as he continued to peer through the veil and learn the secrets of the Heavens!

    After he ran out of Gu immortals to ascend, he had to wait for the next batch, in the meantime, he decided to unseal the last piece of the Truthful Floating Ice.

    After unsealing it he found that it contained.

    Rank 10 – Domain

Like it? Add to the library, please it truly motivates me to write! And oh boy is it not easy to write, I have spent a lot of time on the Reverend Insanity Fan wiki page, I am so thankful it exists, but it is not completely, largely due to the book not having ended yet so much of Volume 7, where my book is picking off, is mostly not noted down, though because volume 7 was only in its initial stages it gives me a lot of creativity to continue and add my own ideas into the mix. Though interestingly my research led me to other fans who have also made their own journey in the Gu world! It makes me so happy that this legacy is being continued by other people, and makes me want to give the original story an ending. It deserves that much at least. Don't worry I will try my best not to put RI in shame and give you guys a, hopefully, satisfying ending. BTW if you notice any inconsistency or are unclear about certain points do address them in the comments I'll try my best to elaborate more on areas you might be confused by though some I will keep a secret as they foreshadow future events :P As always thank you for reading and go support the original. 

P.s We've hit 10k words woohoo I never thought I make it this far, thank you everyone that reads these chapters, I'll see you all in the next one.

Weekly Power Status

 The total score 0.0    

 Advertisement Pornographic Personal attack Other 

  Paragraph comment 

 Paragraph comment feature is now on the Web! Move mouse over any paragraph and click the icon to add your comment. 

 Also, you can always turn it off/on in Settings. 

