Chapter 11: Chapter 2345
 
 
 
    Primordial's revival was not felt by the other venerables as the energy within the Qi Harvest Fruit could barely revive him, let alone to venerable like strength.

    Instead, Primordial activated the Human Path method that he hid inside the Qi Harvest Fruit; in the event that it would be unable to revive Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, it would relay this message to Star Constellation Venerable.

    Star Constellation soon steeled herself. She was the current leader of Heavenly Court, for Heavenly Court to revive it would depend solely on her efforts.

    She began to make deductions focused purely on how to win the contest of 4 Venerables; she searched and deduced based on the current situation the person who seems to be the biggest threat logically was Spectral Soul.

    Spectral Soul was reborn with a unique constitution, and immense luck. Not to mention that he owned all of Spectral Heaven.

    "All?" Star Constellation frowned.

    "That can't be, half of Spectral Heaven belongs to the Immemorial White Heaven and, the other half to Immemorial Black Heaven; why does Spectral Soul seemingly have full control of it?"

    Things were beginning to not add up to Star Constellation, she began to deduce further as she felt there was some conspiracy behind Spectral Heaven.

    At the same time, Fang Yuan opened his eyes: "So that's how Spectral Soul has full control Spectral Heaven; quite clever."

    Fang Yuan had discovered that Spectral Soul's control over Spectral Heaven lay in the fact that he used Black Immemorial Heaven to consume White Immemorial Heaven!

    Thus, White Heaven made up Spectral Heaven's foundation while Black Heaven was layered on top to give Spectral Soul control over Spectral Heaven, effectively suppressing White Heaven.

    This gave Fang Yuan an idea.

    Meanwhile, in Treasure Yellow Heaven a fair maiden could be seen scouring and looking at various Fire and Yang-related paths, such as Light path.

    "Dear Fairy, you've been staring at a bunch of Light Path and Fire Path materials, is there anything specific you're looking for?"

    "Yea do you have any Fire or Light Path Gu materials?" the Fairy looking for Yang path materials was naturally Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!

    He had discovered that even immortals would fall prey to a 'helpless maiden'. He was shameless enough to ask for discounts while seductively flaunting his 'wares'.

    "As long as the other venerables don't find out no one will know...hehe" Spectral Soul could truly be described as a venerable with almost the most amount of shameless tactics. Almost.

    Just as Spectral Soul was completing his purchase with a vendor selling Rank 8 Fire path materials.

    "Attention all Gu immortals. I Great Love Immortal Venerable have some disturbing news!" Fang Yuan's voice echoed across Treasure Yellow Heaven and caught the attention of every Gu Immortal.

    To say people were curious was the same as saying that the sun would rise from the east.

    People secretly discussed amongst themselves.

    "Do you think Great Love Venerable is running another event?"

    "Did you not hear him say disturbing news."

    "What if he's closing up shop?"

    The crowd's unease grew and the murmuring intensified.

    Some brave members of righteous path factions that didn't like Fang Yuan anonymously shouted out: "I think he's going to run away and stop refining Gu!"

    Others joined in: "Yea I'm still waiting on my Gu!"

    The crowd's unease began to grow, people start shouting and arguing.

    Spectral Soul was among the crowd chanting angrily at Fang Yuan while thinking: "What is he up to?"

    One member shouted: "What is it you want to announce get it out with already."

    "I merely want to show you all…"

    The crowd shouted: "Show us what!!!"

    "Show you all Spectral Soul Demon Venerable's ass!" As soon as he said that he played a video of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable when he resurrected in Heavenly Court…as a Woman!

    Immediately the crowd went silent

    Giant Sun Immortal venerable had his mouth hanging agape.

    Star Constellation's deductions were disrupted as she saw Spectral Soul's full body.

    And Spectral Soul was fuming with rage:

    "I'LL KILL YOU FANG YUAN!" Spectral Soul roared in his heart as he quickly exited Treasure Yellow Heaven before anyone could notice. But of course, Fang Yuan noticed.

    As soon as Spectral Soul left, he continued: "The greatest Demon the Gu world has ever seen has returned amongst the living, he will not stop at developing Killing Path, therefore I captured his new appearance when he revived, this IS his true form."

    Fang Yuan then continued playing the video. 

    The video had certain areas around the chest blurred out but to prove to everyone that Spectral Soul had a woman's body, he purposefully left a certain area unblurred.

    At certain points, the focus would zoom in on Spectral Soul's chest, and at others, it would zoom in on his crotch.

    "Do not be deceived no matter what form Spectral Soul takes he will always remain a demon at heart, and I have evidence."

    Giant Sun and Star Constellation thought: "There's more?"

    Fang Yuan then displayed a series of photos showing the alleged Spectral Soul using his 'feminine charm to score some extra benefits.

    The Gu immortals who were featured alongside Spectral Soul had shivers running down their spines although it wasn't certain whether it was from Spectral Soul's Demonic might or from his Demonic 'Little' brother one day visiting them in their dreams.

    But it didn't end there: "My fellow cultivators just like my good friend Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable I seek the Dao of Kindness, this Demon Venerable returning can only spell trouble, that's why I will be selling a copy of the footage for only 10 immortal essence stones don't worry you can anonymously have the footage bought and sent to you."

    "Dao of Kindness my ass!" Spectral Soul, Star Constellation and Giant Sun said as they spat at the ground.

    "In addition, those who buy the footage will have their Gu placed on a priority." Those final words from Fang Yuan made Spectral Soul so angry that Spectral Heaven turned red and was beaming with killing intent.

    Though the allure to receive their Gu faster made all the Gu immortals hesitant between the passing of Spectral Soul or siding with Fang Yuan.

    "Also, I have left the footage that you will buy completely unaltered so you can verify the 'facts' for yourself."

    A wave of private messages flooded Fang Yuan's will in Yellow Treasure Heaven causing Fang Yuan to smirk.

    This move from Fang Yuan accomplished many stones at once, it made people warry of Spectral Soul's new form, it distracted Star Constellation and most importantly of all, it kept them all blissfully unaware that Fang Yuan was refining Rank 9 Time Anchor Gu!

    Because this move was sudden and obvious it didn't fall in line with Fang Yuan's usual behavior when he attacked, instead, it smelt more like, a trap!

    Spectral Soul was angry but no longer crazy, he wouldn't charge into Fang Yuan's base just for this.

    If he got into a serious fight with Fang Yuan it would not be an easy win, he knew that although Fang Yuan lacked essence, he had killer moves and Gu in abundance.

    His methods were troublesome and numerous, worse of all he was crafty and unpredictable, he would give up a Secluded Domain of Heaven Earth just to win a fight if he felt the benefit was worth it.

    To make matters worse even if he won the other 2 venerable might team upon him.

    Thus, none of the venerables dared to make the first move against him.

    Star Constellation began deducing his intention.

    Giant Sun checked Fang Yuan's luck.

    Spectral Soul went back into Treasure Yellow Heaven disguised, using profound Soul path methods.

    And just like that Rank 9 Time Anchor was refined with no problems.

    Fang Yuan then activated his killer move

    Immortal Killer Move ------------ Save State

    A giant anchor appeared above the River of Time, it plunged right where it appeared and the waters around it stabilized.

    With Rank 9 Strength it withstood the rapids and didn't need Fang Yuan to physically be at a River of Time in the overworld. He could use this move as long as he was connected to the River of Time.

    "Phase 1 of the plan is complete. I can now prepare Phase 2; Space Path!" Fang Yuan had decided to set his eyes on one of the most elusive paths in the world.

    Space Path has always been shrouded in mystery, while there are famous Space Path Gu, like Fixed Immortal Travel and Space Escape Gu, there were rarely any Gu masters or Gu immortals who specialized in Space path.

    The best one could hope for was using it as a specialty path.

    But Fang Yuan used Stealing Heavenly Secrets during bouts of natural inspiration to gain enlightenment on how to access Space Path.

    The answer? One needed to have Heaven path and Time Path first before one could begin to be a Space Path grandmaster!

    It explained why no one, not even Venerables had achieved further in Space Path, because prior to Fate Gu's destruction there were no Heaven Path cultivators.

    Fang Yuan began to deduce why was Heaven Path necessary and what he found shocked him.

    The legendary Secluded Domain of Heaven that Thieving Heaven Venerable spent his whole life searching for was all around him the entire time; Space Cave isn't one location its every location!

    You can think of it as a web encompassing every corner of the Gu world. But instead of silk, the Web is made from Tunnels that travel across the world, using Space path Gu one can create a connection to these series of Tunnels, and only by using Space path Gu can one create an exit among these tunnels.

    The only thing that can see Space Cave's existence is a Heaven Path cultivator, since time immemorial there had only been 1, Heaven's Will!

    But Fang Yuan is the first-ever Human who has Heaven Path attainments, he could feel Space Caves' existence on a deeper level, at first, he thought it was natural for a venerable, but his deductions told him that it wasn't true.

    Access to Space Cave would let Fang Yuan reach across the Gu world and be nearly Omni-present.

    That explained Heaven Path but what about Time Path?

    Fang Yuan's hypothesis is that the Rivers of Time are contained within the Space Cave Tunnels. To make up for his, relative, lack of Heaven path attainments, Fang yuan used the Time path killer move Save State to detect the Spatial Positon of that point in the River of Time!

    That's right Fang Yuan made Rank 9 Tima anchor Gu to find Space Cave!!!

    Fang Yuan had pondered deeply: "I have always wondered what keeps the River of Time from spilling out across the Gu world rapidly aging everything into oblivion. At first, I thought, that it was merely Heaven's Will preventing it, but it seems that was only half-right, it was Heaven's Will that constructed the Space Cave to house everything with the mystical powers of Space and Time propelling life on the Gu world."

    This made sense as Heaven's Will was will just the same and thus, had similar weaknesses, for example, constantly being in use would consume Heaven's Will at a rate that it could not replenish thus, it created a solution that would work without It having to constantly manage.

    Space Cave could be considered Heaven Will's Battlefield Killer Move!

    "Looks like it's time to add another world's first to my list."

    Fang Yuan was excited at the thought: "World's first Space Path Venerable! Maybe I'll also be able to uncover the mysteries of Space Door."

    *Grrrumble*

    At that moment Fang Yuan's body began to feel hunger, which means: "The Immortal Sovereign Fetus Gu is hungry!"

Wowie another chapter is out I can't believe I made it to 10, now 11 chapters. The numbers are such a huge support for me to keep writing I am infinitely happy that so many people still care about the Gu world never let it die! 

Like it? Add to library！

Weekly Power Status

 The total score 0.0    

 Advertisement Pornographic Personal attack Other 

  Paragraph comment 

 Paragraph comment feature is now on the Web! Move mouse over any paragraph and click the icon to add your comment. 

 Also, you can always turn it off/on in Settings. 

